---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Book journal - 2016"
---


**Every year, I used to write a book journal for all the books I had read and those that I wanted to read. It’s a leftover from my Creative Writing degree. To be honest, I didn’t read a lot last year, but it’s a different story (haha, see what I did there?) for the start of 2016. Here is what I’ve read so far and what is coming up in the book list.**

<!--more-->

**January:**

- **“A Girl’s Best Friend” - _Lindsey Kelk (Okay, so I started this sometime in December 2015, but I finished it in Jan 2016, so it counts...)_** :star::star::star:

  Better than her last novel (I think it was “Always the Bridesmaid”). They’re okay books - very much girly fiction with not a lot to it, but it’s entertaining.
- **“Star Wars: Before the Awakening” - _Greg Rucka (Jan 17th - Feb 4th)_** :star::star::star:
  
  A bit ‘meh’. Very simple storylines, but nice to see an insight into Finn and Rey, in particular. I feel like each of them could’ve had their own novel, though.

**February:**

- **“Four: A Divergent Story” - _Veronica Roth (Feb 1st - Feb 5th)_** :star::star::star::star::star:

  Couldn’t put it down! I love anything to do with the Divergent series and Veronica Roth’s writing is super good.
- **“Royal Wedding” - _Meg Cabot (Feb 8th - still reading)_** :star::star::star:

  An adult fiction continuation of Meg Cabot’s YA series, The Princess Diaries. It’s alright - not her best book that I’ve read. I want to finish it just because it’s part of the series. A little slow going, though.

**March:**

- **“The Girl on the Train” - _Paula Hawkins (Mar 2nd - still reading)_**

  Just started this one after listening to an audiobook excerpt. It had me hooked from the first two paragraphs! And I hear that there’s going to be a film starring Emily Blunt...

**Still to read:**

- “The Little Paris Bookshop” - _Nina George_
- “The Bone Clocks” - _David Mitchell_
- “Adjustment Team (The Adjustment Bureau)” - _Philip K. Dick_
- “K-Pax trilogy” - _Gene Brewer_
